A. On Instruction and Administrative Functions

1. Adhere to the faithful implementation of the policies on students performance in the class, values development, examination procedures, and other school policies.
2. Imposes objectivism, by providing a sound judgement of evaluation of the students' academic performance according to the grading system or policies.
3. Creates a classroom climate conducive to teaching and learning processes.
4. Practices exemplary punctuality in attending classes.
5. Attends faculty meetings, area or committee meetings, in-service training assemblies, graduation exercises and other school functions.
6. Observes punctuality in the submission of school's requirements such as examination, committee reports and grading sheets of the students and other reports duly assigned by the College administrator.
7. Imposes virtual classroom disciplines.
8. Serves as good class adviser or club moderator/serves as good example in the campus.
9. Endeavors for the accomplishment of the institution's mission and vision.


B. On Professionalism

10. Conducts pre-consultation with the College Administrator/Cluster Heads before implementing certain rules and regulations.
11. Possesses potential qualities of being present-minded, creative, optimistic, open-minded and willing to champion he/her profession.
12. Upholds the noble task of providing and insuring high standard of teaching through the adoptin of innovative methodologies.
13. Adopts conscientious, just and humane teaching techniques that promote desirable transformation of moral values of the students.
14. Instills harmonious relationship with the administration and adheres to the objectives and implementing rules of the school by recognizing authority channels, and open to communication processes.
15. Gives importance to the needs of the school's working committees through active participation if needed.
16. Have a strong support and full understanding of the contributions of the faculty and their area of specialization in the common task of higher education.
17. Observes professional growth through pursuit of post degree course that are relevant to their teaching needs and by attending seminars and conferences.

