How to use the Faculty Evaluation System?

The students must be register first! 

Here's how, the student must register.
Step 1: Go to "Login Form" and then click "Register here" below.
Step 2: Input your account details based on the registration form.
Step 3: Click "Submit" once you have finished fill-up the registration.
After that, wait for the Admin's approval if you are really a student.

The admin has an generated email so that they will notify through email if the registration of students has been approved. 

   
First, Login Admin User
Go to "Student" on Navbar and select "Unverified Students" 
Click "Confirm" if these are really students.
Note: It also has a button to admit all students so you don't have to confirm one by one
  
Here's the example of how the admin can notify students using email:

Now that we have the students to answer,  

Step 4: Login Admin User 
Step 5: Go to "Academic Year" on Navbar and ADD new "Academic Year" 
Step 6: Now, encode the exact year of evaluation
Step 7: Submit "New Academic Year" Button
You have now added an Academic Year!

Step 8: Go to "Evaluation" on Navbar and ADD "New Evaluation"
Step 9: Encode the subject, instructor, and section that will be evaluate.
Step 10: Submit "New Evaluation" Button
   
You have now added an Evaluation!

Now, the students can answer the evaluation.

Here's how the students answer the evaluation to the instructor/faculty.

Step 11: Login your email and password on the input box
Step 12: Click Login Button

Dashboard: If successful, this will be the interface. In the dashboard, you can see the number of your answer evaluated in the faculty.

Step 13: Go to "Evaluate Faculty and select subject and automatically which instructor with your subjects.

Step 14: Click "Proceed" Button

Step 15: Once there, you will see the evaluation tool where items are grouped into four categories: 
A. Attitude Toward Students, B. Subject Matter Presentation, C. Classroom Management, D. Etiquette

It also has a clear button if you want to reset the radio button checked.

Step 16: To start the evaluation, simply tick the rating on the side of each statement. Step 17:When you are done. click Submit. 

You will be prompted by the system to compl ete your answers.

You have now answered successfully!

Step 18: Go to "Evaluate Faculty Comments and select subject and automatically which instructor with your subjects  

Step 19: Click "Proceed" Button

Step 19: Once there, you can now give comment based on your answer to your teacher.


Step 20: When you are done. Click Submit button.

To know the average answer of students, login admin user.
after login admin user, go to "Evaluation Results Student" and click "View" button

these are the results of faculty evaluation based on the answer of students.







